and ICS we Shambu we like to boast that
we are number one and mix and the reason
we can boast is because we were the very
first school that NICs ever found Joe
Hale and dennis lugar were teaching in a
local christian korean school they had
children they had other people that were
friends of theirs that had children they
said we needed a Christian school why do
we start our own Christian school and 63
kids showed up in that very first day of
school which was very very much
overwhelmed them and it just went on
from there they called it Liberty
Christian school and the name has since
changed to international Christian
school we Shambu the school is very
small twenty students just desk to desk
no no aisles we had no facilities for
athletics when teachers came they had no
apartment pay was enough to survive and
that was all but we weren't here for any
of those things God had called us here
to serve Him and so we're excited to be
here and we didn't think that we were
lacking anything and God just blessed
the whole thing just kind of ballooned
into what now we have over 20 schools in
over 16 different countries we can offer
a variety of ministry opportunities to
our students we have our praise teams we
also have missions trips that we offer
every year a Habitat for Humanity has
been another missions opportunity as
well
we have chapel twice during the week on
our staff we just have some very
talented people who can present God's
Word in some very creative and
challenging ways I think the greatest
aspect of ministry that we have here is
the access to the kids after school many
of their parents work late into the
night
they really raised themselves and so we
become their parents the kids know that
they are generally cared for ministering
to the
kids is a challenge mainly because we
don't accept just Christian students and
families in our school week we accept
anybody we want to be able to present
Jesus Christ being the absolute truth
and education is the pursuit of truth
our teachers are very ministry minded
they are always looking for
opportunities to be able to take our
kids and share the gospel of Jesus
Christ the vision that yo Hale had to go
over and start a school in South Korea
really gave me the opportunity to come
to know the Lord
I actually got saved in this school
having like Bible classes every year
actually helped me to know more about
the Bible service projects that we do
every year can vary from maybe making
Christmas cards for the soldiers or
maybe making cookies for them maybe some
cleanup or things like that in our local
churches the goal is to get our our
students involved in the community this
school is more than a building it's
people and people are what makes this
school better
you're ICS are academics are very
similar to those in the United States at
a private school the academic standards
we have at ICS region are pretty high
our kids that come to us are pretty
smart
our teachers are very rigorous the
curriculum that we have is very rigorous
some of our alumni are doctors we have
several that have gone into the past
with some are missionaries we have one
alumni who is a professor at Harvard
movie producer of Christian films we
produce leaders quite a few of our
teachers are working on or have already
received their master's degree we have
one teacher on staff that has a PhD the
teachers that we have on staff for the
last two years have been here
an average of over seven years our
academics here are a very high level
very college prep centered and our
students get a good solid foundation at
our school for their careers whatever
that may be whatever college that may be
we have students that are definitely
more willing to learn we are able to
give them a very good education based on
well a low budget and facilities that
maybe aren't as great as some other
places but I believe we're able to give
them a better education especially
because the teachers are very well
prepared and we are very well supported
we're not limited to just the textbooks
or just certain resources but we're
encouraged as a matter of fact to use
the gifts and the different teaching
styles that we have and I believe it
gives our students a much better and
more rounded education that way here's
the squeeze technology in an interesting
way here that makes our school stand out
from other school especially within our
network we have an All MAC lab we have
active boards in every classroom that
allows our teachers to take a pen and
then draw on the board and they can give
that to a student that student can come
up and interact with that teacher
electronically within this digital pen
in the front of the classroom instead of
using a traditional whiteboard the
mobile lab allows us to take laptops to
every classroom our future vision is
that we would actually take an iPad lab
into the classroom which would make
technology even more accessible for
students in our class
we're very much as sports minded school
that's one of the ways that we can
minister to the kids we're actually the
only small school in korea that has all
of the sports that that can be in kayak
we have a cross-country team we have a
swim team we have basketball teams for
boys and girls we have soccer for boys
and girl we have volleyball and we also
have cheerleading in basketball we play
six at the Far East tournament which is
all big schools compare does we are
currently this year going to be able to
participate in Far East for soccer and
basketball we have highly competitive
teams that we expect to be in the top
five in each of those tournaments our
volleyball team boys were first in the
conference soccer team expects to be
first and our alcohol team expect to be
first this year our cheerleading team
being number two in Korea for
cheerleading our cross-country team has
been in the top eight in Asia for the
last three years the teams that we have
are more family than they are just the
sports team coaching really gives you a
great opportunity to put some of those
things into practice that you're
learning in the classroom that you're
learning from the Scriptures so that's
kind of what our goal is is teaching
them how to use those athletic abilities
to show Christ through them on the field
and off the field